{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In this form you are transcribing the main area of the census document as well as some of the information from the top of the page.\
If the cover page for an enumeration district has been included in the dataset, just skip it. You will know the cover page because it will be a tall, narrow document with field counts rather than a table of names.\
You must include every field where there is information every time - this means that for a single item you will repeat the information from the top of the page in each record.\
Fields in the form are labeled with the same numbers as the fields on the census document to help with transcribing.\
Transcribe each entry as written to the best of your ability. If you have trouble reading a word or phrase, enter your best guess, flag the entry as illegible, and leave a note for the reviewer stating which census fields (by number) you had trouble with.\
Skip blank fields. Do not use \'93is missing\'94 
\f1\i unless
\f0\i0  the blank field is a required field or the Enumeration District number.\
If the enumerator wrote "not at home" for a line, just skip that line.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 Finding things on the page:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sample lines are distinguished by a bump on the left side of the table.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The first few rows in the DataScribe form are from the section above the individual entries. These are the a, b, and c questions.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Street and avenue names area written sideways in the space for Question 1. You may need to rotate the image in order to read them. Note that they can also carry over from page to page. If there is no street name, click over to the Omeka item in a new window and see if the preceding page has a street name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 \
Field e\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 One of the boxes at the top of the page is \'93e. Hotel, Boarding House, Institution, Military Installation, Etc.\'94 Below this heading are places where the enumerator could write the name and type of institution and indicate which lines were included.\
If there is information in box e, you will need to transcribe it but only for those lines which fall within the range. For example, in the returns for Fairfax County (30-46), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://1950census.archives.gov/search/?county=Fairfax&ed=30-46&page=1&state=VA"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 lines 4 through 30 of page 34}} were taken at the Peery Inn, a motel. When transcribing lines 4 through 30, you would check \'93Yes\'94 for \'93Line falls in range covered by box e\'94 and in the text area you would write \'93Peery Inn, Motel\'94\
}